What kind of technology platform is Armonia?
============================================

Armonia is composed of the mother chain (Armonia Meta Chain) and other
isomorphic or heterogeneous child chains (Armonia Child Chain).
Efficient bidirectional cross-chain of assets is realized between mother
chain and child chains as well as among the child chains, forming a
mother-child multi-chain technology platform.

.. _armonia-is-a-multi-chain-platform-how-is-the-mother-chain-designed:

Armonia is a multi-chain platform. How is the mother chain designed?
====================================================================

Armonia Meta Chain adopts APoS consensus mechanism and WASM virtual
machine and is designed with low transaction model and unique account
model.

How are the child chains of Armonia designed?
=============================================

Armonia's child chains are quickly constructed from the provided L0 SDK,
which can be isomorphic or heterogeneous with the mother chain. Other
independent public chains such as Bitcoin can also be integrated into
child chains, forming a multi-chain architecture altogether.

Regarding the multi-chain hierarchical structure used by Armonia, how to realize interconnection between chains?
================================================================================================================

Armonia provides L0-base as a general transaction routing module, which
can quickly identify and process running nodes of a single chain.

In Armonia's multi-chain ecosystem, what are the possible application scenarios that can be built through the mother chain?
===========================================================================================================================

Assets in various ecosystems can be issued, transferred, traded, and
exchanged quickly. Incentive mining pools for ecosystem development
will be built. Mother chain accounts support kyc/kyb and upper-layer 
applications with regulatory requirements.

In the Armonia multi-chain ecosystem, what are the possible application scenarios that can be constructed through child chains?
===============================================================================================================================

Realize a high-performance, low-latency decentralized exchange; 
implement a quiz-type application platform; provide various chain games, NFTs and Metaverse, etc.

What are the total design amount and management mechanism of the mother chain at present?
========================================================================================

The mother chain is currently designed with a total of 1,000,000,000 tokens governed by DAO and adopts an ecosystem destruction mechanism.

What is the framework of APOS (Armonia DPOS) as the mother chain consensus mechanism?
=====================================================================================

The framework divides nodes into main nodes and backup nodes which mine main blocks
and backup blocks respectively; one main and one backup interweave with each other to increase yields.

Why can the double-chain structure of one main and one backup increase revenue?
===============================================================================

One master and one backup chains can support 10,021 nodes to participate in mining, 
and each additional backup chain can add 10,000 backup chain mining nodes.

The rewards generated by the node operation in Armonia are managed and decided by DAO. When will the additional rewards be issued?
==================================================================================================================================

The blocks dug out in the first year of Armonia's creation did not have additional 
issuance rewards. In the second year, with the start of node voting, after reaching 
a certain pledge ratio, each mined block will have additional issuance rewards.

What is the difference between Armonia's mother chain account system and accounts on other public chains?
=========================================================================================================

The Armonia mother chain account adopts the account model instead of the address 
identification. The user sets the account name and binds one or more public keys.

What are the characteristics of Armonia's first child chain?
============================================================

Cross-chain from the mother chain, using the high-performance virtual machine EVM. 
Blocks are generated in 3 seconds, and the native token $AMAX will be used as the gas consumed by the transaction.

In Armonia's multi-chain ecosystem, why is cross-chain critical?
================================================================

Cross-chain not only increases the liquidity and utility of assets, but also meets all the needs of users’ assets in the ecosystem.

To achieve a safe, reliable and efficient cross-chain, there could be many problems. How does Armonia solve them?
=================================================================================================================

In simple terms, it is to achieve universal cross-chain and meet the cross-chain 
needs of each chain, not to formulate different cross-chain solutions for different chains.

As the native token $AMAX issued on the mother chain, in addition of being the operational assets used by the mother chain, can it be used by child chains to operate?
======================================================================================================================================================================

Absolutely. Armonia child chains will also adopt $AMAX as the native token required to operate.

How is the total amount of the native token $AMAX distributed?
==============================================================

10% is used for the foundation, 15% is used for market fundraising, and 75% is used for 
various types of mining in ecosystem construction, that is, mining of all things.

In the ecosystem construction of Armonia, what is the mining of all things?
===========================================================================

Anything that contributes and adds value to Armonia's ecosystem construction 
is called mining of all things and can obtain corresponding income incentives.

In the current Armonia ecosystem construction, what mining methods exist and what are the distribution ratios?
==============================================================================================================

Mining in the early stage of public chain construction accounts for 15%, mining in later stage
of public chain construction accounts for 15%, main node mining accounts for 5%, backup node 
mining accounts for 5%, and Web3.0 mining accounts for 10%, ecosystem construction mining accounts for 25%.


